Dragon Emperor
What dragon emperor
Isn't he just a normal DJ?
Shut up, you dare to insult the Dragon Emperor
How should the Dragon Emperor deal with it?
Please order
I said I would give it to the whole family
Yes
Did you hear it?
To execute the Dragon King's order is
Tang richest man
Please forgive me.
Director save me
Wait a minute Tang Long
I see.
You are a big shot
Why stand up for this brat?
Who the hell is he?
The identity of the Dragon Emperor
You have no right to know
Even if you let me die, let me die, understand?
Since you want to ask directly
Then I'll let you die for 500.
Yeah, I have.
Temple of Heavenly Kings
Please forgive me!
I didn't know I was your daughter
Forgive me and give me another chance.
forgive me
Because he's my daughter, you know?
What if he was an ordinary girl?
Does he deserve his whole family to die?
You bastard